Why can’t I login to nexusgroup00.umiacs.umd.edu?
How do I configure the UMIACS VPN for my computer?
My UMIACS VPN doesn’t work. Why?
What do I need to do to get a UMIACS account?
What resources does my PI/lab provide me access to in UMIACS?
Where is the HDMI cable for my desk?
What is the Nexus?
Where can I store my files?
How do I change my password?
What is Duo and why do I need to enroll?
Where are data sets located?
What software is available?
How do I use the cluster?
What is SLURM and how to use it?
What GPU's are available in UMIACS?
How do I get access to the printer room?
How do I get access to GitLab?
How do I get access to a lab/conference room?
How do I print from my laptop?
How do I get more space for my homedirectory?
What options are there for hosting webpages (statically generated? Custom backend?)
How do I get sudo access to run docker?
How to access an object store?
How do I access my scratch or project directory?
How do I install software on my UMIACS computer?
How do I convert my workstation to self-support?
How do I get physical equipment for my desk?
Can I borrow <x> item from the UMIACS Help Desk?
How do I get the internet on my personal device from the jacks?
How to contact Staff?
Where is the Help Desk?
I want to order <something>. What should I do? 
What Operating Systems do you support?
How do I download my UMIACS data?
How do I change my desk?
How long can I borrow a laptop for?
How to restore accidentally deleted files?
What C/C++ compilers are available?
How to install Java on my machine?
How to create Python virtual environment? 
I submitted an account request but can’t login, how do I fix this?
Can I give someone access to my project directory?
Where can I save files?
What is a scratch directory?
What is the difference between a scratch directory and a project directory?
How do I update my Pi/sponsor?
Can I upload a dataset to a dataset directory?
How do I request a project directory?
What is the difference between a UMIACS supported host and a self-supported host?
Can I convert my desktop to self-supported?
How do I see my directory’s quota?
How do I check how much free space is in my directory?
How do I restore a file from a snapshot?
What happens to my UMIACS account after I graduate?
My UMIACS account was deleted, how do I get my files?
Why isn’t my SLURM job running?
How do I check the status of my SLURM job?
Why did my SLURM job fail?
How do I request an interactive SLURM job?
How do I request a job with a _____ GPU?
